TODO: decide college or with mom okay? or temporarily on vac or what

I'm sure this happens every day, right?
Literally every day that you wake up in a guy's bed, memories a bit hazy from the night before.
He's cute. I remember flirting with him. It's not – this isn't anything about him or whatever, it's just – I have a thing to get to. I've got class, or something.
And I have no idea what the protocol is for one-night stands.
Obviously I decide to get out of there.
He hardly stirs as I get up, maybe mumbles a little as I find my clothes – nearby, handily in a neat pile – and get dressed and leave. He has my number. He can call me later if he wants.
Probably.

Out the door, it takes me a minute to work out where I am. … East side of town, I decide after a moment. Nowhere near the school, nowhere near where I work.
More importantly, nowhere anyone might see me leave.
I wasn't really dressed up last night, jeans and a nice top, so I can actually pass for normal as I make my way along the street.
My hair's… a bit of a mess. My clothes… a little crumpled.
My makeup?
… Actually, checking my reflection in a window? I look a bit worse than I thought.
I don't really remember <em>crying</em>, but it's not like it matters now. Looking through my bag: I have precisely no tissues, so I guess I'll just try wiping it off with my hands.
I'll just try wiping it off with my hands while ignoring the people on the road around me.
Ugh.
A buzz from my phone alerts me to the fact I'm not <em>quite</em> alone, even over this side of town. I rub my hand off on my pants and pull it out to check.

Only five new messages.
Not that bad.

"Hey, where'd you get to?" is the first, followed by "I'm near the stairs, yeah?" Timestamped 2.07am, from Paul. The guy I just left.
So I guess he does have my number.

And from Jane: "You OK?" 2.03am
"We're just about to leave, coming with?" 2.30am
Guess that was a no.

The last… from my mom.
I was really hoping I wouldn't have to deal with her today.
She said she'd be working late, she said she hoped I'd have a good night, she said to let her know when I expected to get back. And – I could only assume – I did not in fact do that.

I turn left off the main road and debate whether to open the message now, or in ten minutes – just before I got back – or to go sit in the park for a half hour, put it off for when I felt a bit more centered. It's a nice day. Weather's pretty good. Warm, even this early in the day, light breeze. Could be a fun way to spend the time, relaxing on a park bench.
Then something caught my eye, and I looked up from my phone, startling a bit – stupidly – when I see another.
Another <em>what</em> is a good question.
It's like a glow, this one slightly gold, that stands out from everything, with a silhouette – well, maybe not the right word, but the glow of an outline – of a person.
And I haven't seen a single one in nine months.

My name's Jade, and this is my story.